time-log.md, before:

# **Development Time Log**

| **Date** | **Hours** | **Tasks Done** |
|:--------:|:---------:|:---------------|
| **5.12.** | 0 | Initialized repository |
|           | 1 | Created foundational file structure for the backend |
|           | 1 | Set up server using Express and implemented minor functions |
| **6.12.** | 3 | Developed authentication: validation, schemas, routes, and interfaces |
|           | 1 | Researched business data structure for schema design |
|           | 3 | Added business schemas and interfaces |
| **7.12.** | 4 | Researched and implemented caching using Redis for authentication and business data |
|           | 4 | Added workers and queues for Authentication, Business, and User modules |
| **10.12.** | 3 | Implemented login router and associated route |
|            | 2 | Added API documentation and developed an API route endpoint |
|            | 4 | Implemented logout and current user routes, and refactored middleware |
| **11.12.** | 5 | Implemented forgot-password and reset-password routes, and refactored authentication schema |
|            | 3 | Updated API documentation, and added workers and queues for email functionality |
| **12.12.** | 2 | Researched and designed API endpoints for inventory management |
|            | 2 | Created inventory file structure and product interfaces |
| **13.12.** | 2 | Implemented product validation schema and product model |
|            | 3 | Developed product controller for product creation, added queue, workers, and endpoint |
|             | 1 | Updated Api documentation to include new product endpoint |
|             | 4 | Implemented User controller for creating and fetching users, refactored API route and file structure|
| **14.12.**  | 2  | Extended User controller to edit and delete users, added user edit and delete router |
|             | 1 | Refactored product and user controller, changed lint indent rules |
| **15.12.** | 2 | Added unit tests for all implemented controllers |
|             | 3 | Extended products controller to include search by ID, queries and extended api docs |
| **16.12.**  | 2  | Extended products controller to edit and delete product, added products edit and delete router |
|             | 2  | Implemented unit tests for all implemented controllers |
| **18.12.**  | 3  | Implemented log and stock router, controllers, interfaces. |
|             | 1  | Updated Api Docs |
|             | 2  | Implemented location interface and model. Refactored stock controller to handle location data |
| **19.12.**  | 2  | Extended stock router, controllers, interfaces.|
| **20.12.**  | 2  | Extended stock router, controllers, interfaces to fetch low stock. Updated API Docs|
|             | 2  | Implemented location controllers and routes to create, fetch and edit locations|
| **21.12.**  | 3  | Implemented sales router, schema, controllers and interfaces, minor refactoring of product Contoller|
| **22.12.**  | 2  | Extended sales router, schema, controllers and interface to handle refund |
| **04.01.**  | 3  | Implemented business router, schema, controllers and interface to handle business |
| **05.01.**  | 1  | Implemented customer router, schema, controllers and interface to handle customer |
| **09.01.** | 2  | refactored auth and product router, schema, controllers  |
| **10.01.**  | 3  | Implemented login functionality on the frontend |
|   | 2  | Extended auth functionalities on the frontend to handle password reset and update |
|  **11.01.** | 2  | Extended auth on the frontend to handle registration, minor auth controller refactoring |
|  **11-12.01.** | 5 | Researched, designed, and implemented menu bar |
|  **12-13.01.** | 4 | Implemented point of sales page, made some resuable UI components |
|  **13-14.01.** | 3 | Implemented product cards and search bar on point of sales page |
|  **14.01.** | 4 | Extended POS page UI to to include cart, implemented custom hooks to manage state |
|  **15.01.** | 4 | Implemented services for data fetching, implemented advanced state management using redux |
|  **16-17.01.** | 2 | Implemented batch controller and route to add products in batch |
|   | 4  | Implement filtering product by search keys, search phrase and categories on POS page |
| **18.01.**  | 4 | Implemented Product list table in inventory page, including state management and data filtering |
| **19.01.**  | 4 | Implemented forms, services and UI components to facilitaed product edit and update |
| **23.01.**  | 3 | Implemented forms, services and UI components for adding stock data |
| **24.01.**  | 3 | Implemented forms, services and UI components for editing stock data |
| **24.01.**  | 2 | Implemented notification UI component to handle errors and success |
| **2.02.**  | 3 | Implemented barcode generator and print feature |
|  | 2 | Refactored business model, interface, controller and cache to allow creating custom product categories |
|  | 2 |  Implemented reducers, hooks and interfaces to handle business  |
| **4.02.**  | 2 | Implemented UI, reducers and services to fetch product by category |
|  | 2 |  Major refactor of inventory UI  |
| **12.02.**  | 3 | Implemented UI for account management |
| **13.02.**  | 2 | Completed UI for account management |
| **14.02.**  | 2 | refactored user controller to move user and business validation from user controller to middleware |
| **15.02.**  | 3 | Implement manage users pages and its UI, services and slices|
| **16.02.**  | 3 | Implement edit user UI and functionality, minor refactor on user controller|
| **Total**  | **156** | |

Commit message:

Implement customers and suppliers backend features and started front end features also

time-log.md, after:

# **Development Time Log**

| **Date** | **Hours** | **Tasks Done** |
|:--------:|:---------:|:---------------|
| **5.12.** | 0 | Initialized repository |
|           | 1 | Created foundational file structure for the backend |
|           | 1 | Set up server using Express and implemented minor functions |
| **6.12.** | 3 | Developed authentication: validation, schemas, routes, and interfaces |
|           | 1 | Researched business data structure for schema design |
|           | 3 | Added business schemas and interfaces |
| **7.12.** | 4 | Researched and implemented caching using Redis for authentication and business data |
|           | 4 | Added workers and queues for Authentication, Business, and User modules |
| **10.12.** | 3 | Implemented login router and associated route |
|            | 2 | Added API documentation and developed an API route endpoint |
|            | 4 | Implemented logout and current user routes, and refactored middleware |
| **11.12.** | 5 | Implemented forgot-password and reset-password routes, and refactored authentication schema |
|            | 3 | Updated API documentation, and added workers and queues for email functionality |
| **12.12.** | 2 | Researched and designed API endpoints for inventory management |
|            | 2 | Created inventory file structure and product interfaces |
| **13.12.** | 2 | Implemented product validation schema and product model |
|            | 3 | Developed product controller for product creation, added queue, workers, and endpoint |
|             | 1 | Updated Api documentation to include new product endpoint |
|             | 4 | Implemented User controller for creating and fetching users, refactored API route and file structure|
| **14.12.**  | 2  | Extended User controller to edit and delete users, added user edit and delete router |
|             | 1 | Refactored product and user controller, changed lint indent rules |
| **15.12.** | 2 | Added unit tests for all implemented controllers |
|             | 3 | Extended products controller to include search by ID, queries and extended api docs |
| **16.12.**  | 2  | Extended products controller to edit and delete product, added products edit and delete router |
|             | 2  | Implemented unit tests for all implemented controllers |
| **18.12.**  | 3  | Implemented log and stock router, controllers, interfaces. |
|             | 1  | Updated Api Docs |
|             | 2  | Implemented location interface and model. Refactored stock controller to handle location data |
| **19.12.**  | 2  | Extended stock router, controllers, interfaces.|
| **20.12.**  | 2  | Extended stock router, controllers, interfaces to fetch low stock. Updated API Docs|
|             | 2  | Implemented location controllers and routes to create, fetch and edit locations|
| **21.12.**  | 3  | Implemented sales router, schema, controllers and interfaces, minor refactoring of product Contoller|
| **22.12.**  | 2  | Extended sales router, schema, controllers and interface to handle refund |
| **04.01.**  | 3  | Implemented business router, schema, controllers and interface to handle business |
| **05.01.**  | 1  | Implemented customer router, schema, controllers and interface to handle customer |
| **09.01.** | 2  | refactored auth and product router, schema, controllers  |
| **10.01.**  | 3  | Implemented login functionality on the frontend |
|   | 2  | Extended auth functionalities on the frontend to handle password reset and update |
|  **11.01.** | 2  | Extended auth on the frontend to handle registration, minor auth controller refactoring |
|  **11-12.01.** | 5 | Researched, designed, and implemented menu bar |
|  **12-13.01.** | 4 | Implemented point of sales page, made some resuable UI components |
|  **13-14.01.** | 3 | Implemented product cards and search bar on point of sales page |
|  **14.01.** | 4 | Extended POS page UI to to include cart, implemented custom hooks to manage state |
|  **15.01.** | 4 | Implemented services for data fetching, implemented advanced state management using redux |
|  **16-17.01.** | 2 | Implemented batch controller and route to add products in batch |
|   | 4  | Implement filtering product by search keys, search phrase and categories on POS page |
| **18.01.**  | 4 | Implemented Product list table in inventory page, including state management and data filtering |
| **19.01.**  | 4 | Implemented forms, services and UI components to facilitaed product edit and update |
| **23.01.**  | 3 | Implemented forms, services and UI components for adding stock data |
| **24.01.**  | 3 | Implemented forms, services and UI components for editing stock data |
| **24.01.**  | 2 | Implemented notification UI component to handle errors and success |
| **2.02.**  | 3 | Implemented barcode generator and print feature |
|  | 2 | Refactored business model, interface, controller and cache to allow creating custom product categories |
|  | 2 |  Implemented reducers, hooks and interfaces to handle business  |
| **4.02.**  | 2 | Implemented UI, reducers and services to fetch product by category |
|  | 2 |  Major refactor of inventory UI  |
| **12.02.**  | 3 | Implemented UI for account management |
| **13.02.**  | 2 | Completed UI for account management |
| **14.02.**  | 2 | refactored user controller to move user and business validation from user controller to middleware |
| **15.02.**  | 3 | Implement manage users pages and its UI, services and slices|
| **16.02.**  | 3 | Implement edit user UI and functionality, minor refactor on user controller|
| **18.02.**  | 5 | Implement customers and suppliers backend features and started front end features also |
| **Total**  | **161** | |
